all right another thing that we love
talking about this time of year is love
Vendemmia a wonderful event that happens
out in Little Italy joining us from the
Preston BIA Laurie Miller great to have
you here on the show thanks for having
and of course as soon as we saw the red
buckets we knew what was going what was
going to happen it is indeed so a lot of
things are happening on Saturday so
break us through kind of the festivities
in the event well we've changed up the
festival completely this year to make it
a more family-friendly one-day
concentrated event so we've got sort of
four key areas one is a Family Fun Zone
mm-hmm with all kinds of great rides for
the kids
Alfre one is an alien laser tag with
auger machines and we've got a
horse-drawn wagon rides so we've got
that organized for the family of the
kids we've got a show and shine vintage
car show so we've got 150 cars 150 carts
are those all gonna be fitting into that
lots and oh we're gonna have them all
along press Wow okay so we've taken up
all this Bond Street parking on Preston
but we've got Ferraris Fiat Chevy's
Model T Fords you know the full gamut I
can just imagine 150 of them lined up on
Preston that's comprised really neat
there's at the same time I know that
there's the the market the marketplace
is open to so the vendors will be there
as well
yes so we've got our little farmers
market they're all set its peak season
for them so we're expecting a lot of
great things to eat and our artisans
market he'll Mercato will also be open
so we've got the two markets going and
then of course you're gonna see a lot of
people coming to be able to do this this
is the grape stomp yes and so the great
it wouldn't be Vendemmia grape fest
without wine making and grape stomping
and what we've done this year is
actually open it up to the public so
we're setting up four mini stomp
stations like this okay on the street
where the public can come and try this
barefoot grape stomping if we find
there's always a lot of interest and
we're not able to accommodate it so this
year we've got the grape stomping on the
street and we're also doing winemaking
demonstrations so we've got some seniors
from the Italian can you
you're gonna come down to the adult high
school parking lot and show us the
traditional way of making wine and then
over at Preston Hardware you'll see the
modern way so they've got you know
state-of-the-art equipment they do mass
massive amounts of winemaking so you see
both worlds
it's interesting to see we were just
looking at footage right now of a events
in years past so there are a lot of new
things for people to look forward to and
to be able to get involved there so
there's a general aspect behind it
though there is a fundraising aspect to
some of it with the event like the
actual grape stomp right no not this
year okay off with the Heart and Stroke
it was too early in the season for them
we're hoping to as we revamp this to
find new ways to help build funds for
that great cause well you know what
there's always a changes up with it with
events and I think that's a key to I
think bringing on the whole family
atmosphere of course I'm getting into
this
Curtin is standing by as well and Kurt
last year yeah he would stomp this year
so he's a man of his word you're
stomping you ready yeah
usually it's getting you know I'm down
east where we stop a lot you know
there's a lot of stopping that goes down
stomping stomping Tom Connors got his
name I mean yeah okay ready yes all
right one two three go oh it is just so
weird so this is normally where we would
have an accordion playing some good
music yep so normally when we have a
storm off like this yes the content of
who can get the more juice from the
great right we've decided that because
it's slippery
I know careful yeah I'm adding my stuff
a little bit of a bet you guys are you
guys are pros look at that whoa maybe we
need a little neck or even poisonous to
the music I won and that means would
have been a good one for this one all
right so we move everything get
underweighted on Saturday from 11:00
a.m. to 5:00 p.m. it's all packed into
one day of join us he's Tony's son is
strategically avoiding this whole thing
I can't believe how much you've gotten
three on that yeah look at you guys are
really doing a good job here